#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    tox -e pip-compile
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via openstacksdk
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   cmd2
    #   service-identity
    #   treq
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.2.1
    # via buildbot
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
babel==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   python-heatclient
buildbot-worker==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
buildbot-www==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
buildbot[tls]==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
buildbot_wsgi_dashboards==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2018.11.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via flask
cliff==3.7.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==1.5.0
    # via cliff
colorama==0.4.4
    # via cmd2
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
    #   service-identity
debtcollector==2.2.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
decorator==5.0.7
    # via
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   openstacksdk
    #   sqlalchemy-migrate
dogpile.cache==1.1.2
    # via openstacksdk
flask==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   buildbot
    #   buildbot-worker
google-auth==1.30.0
    # via kubernetes
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via sqlalchemy
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   treq
    #   twisted
idna==2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   buildbot
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
incremental==21.3.0
    # via
    #   treq
    #   twisted
iso8601==0.1.14
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   buildbot
    #   flask
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via jsonpatch
keystoneauth1==4.3.1
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
kubernetes==12.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
lz4==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via oslo.serialization
munch==2.5.0
    # via openstacksdk
mysqlclient==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.10.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.utils
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
openstacksdk==0.56.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-openstackclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==2.3.1
    # via
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo.config==8.6.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.0.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo.serialization==4.1.0
    # via
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
oslo.utils==4.8.0
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   oslo.utils
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   sqlalchemy-migrate
    #   stevedore
prettytable==0.7.2
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-novaclient
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydocstyle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
pyjwt==2.1.0
    # via buildbot
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   buildbot
    #   requests
    #   twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via cmd2
python-cinderclient==7.4.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   buildbot
    #   kubernetes
python-heatclient==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-keystoneclient==4.2.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-novaclient==17.4.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-openstackclient==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-swiftclient==3.11.1
    # via python-heatclient
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   buildbot
    #   cliff
    #   kubernetes
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-heatclient
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via kubernetes
requests[security]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   kubernetes
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   treq
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==1.4.0
    # via oslo.config
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via
    #   buildbot
    #   twisted
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-cinderclient
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   automat
    #   debtcollector
    #   google-auth
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   kubernetes
    #   munch
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   pydocstyle
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   sqlalchemy-migrate
    #   treq
    #   websocket-client
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlalchemy-migrate==0.13.0
    # via buildbot
sqlalchemy==1.4.11
    # via
    #   buildbot
    #   sqlalchemy-migrate
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via sqlalchemy-migrate
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile.cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
tempita==0.5.2
    # via sqlalchemy-migrate
treq==21.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
twisted[tls]==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   buildbot
    #   buildbot-worker
    #   treq
txaio==21.2.1
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   buildbot
urllib3==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via cmd2
websocket-client==0.58.0
    # via kubernetes
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via flask
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via debtcollector
xunitparser==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   buildbot
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
